I am a maid of the Lin Mansion
I don't have any shares in Lin's Caitun
What can I do?
You also know that you are just a maid of the Lin Mansion
Look at your posture just now
Don't know
I thought you were the real Miss Lin
I was just fanning the flames here
Let everyone in the room enter the game
Now it's affecting one person to stay out of it.
How can there be such a good thing in the world?
Ok what do you say bet
If you lose
Then what do I let you hang? I'm a bitch
My damn plaque
You are the multitude
Why do you call me a bitch?
There's nobody there.
Why?
Why don't you know it yourself?
All right.
Hurry up and draw, don't waste time
Okay, then I'll personally take you into the building today
That being the case
Go ahead.
Husband
How about you?
Cherish it.
Now is the last time I will call you husband
It's your turn.
That's it.
I can't lose
elder sister
My sister is going to make these wolf-hearted beasts
Pay for you with blood
Here we go.
Sister, I hope you bless your sister.
If I remember correctly